問題追加 Counting Spanning Tree (#1163)
yosupo06/library-checker-problems: graph/counting_spanning_tree_directed/task.md

## @{keyword.statement}

@{lang.en}
You are given a rooted directed graph, consisting of $N$ vertices and $M$ edges. The $i$-th edge connects vertex $u_i$ and $v_i$. This graph may not be simple.
You are also given a vertex $r$. 

> Find the number of directed spanning tree whose root is the vertex $r$ (it means that all the verties have to be reachable from $r$), modulo $998244353$. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the number of directed spanning trees whose root is the vertex $r$ (it means that all the vertices have to be reachable from $r$), modulo $998244353$. 
```
